
Chapter 1: You'r Like a Brother
Chapter Text

Ivar was sitting in a meadow on the mountains far from Kattegat. He had a nice view directly on the small village. The wind played with his hair, which he combed back. He was still out of breath from having walked the whole way, by himself, his new leg splints giving him better support, and his crutch now lying carelessly beside him.

Ivar wanted to be alone, alone with his thoughts, that kept coming back to him. He just wanted to be normal, but the gods didn’t grant him that. Again and again he jabbed the dagger into the grass, leaving deep indentations. No one took him seriously, everyone called him a cripple, and he looked back at the village by the water, with an angry look. His blue eyes saw every roof and the people on the paths, they looked like ants from up here.

“Ivar” came from behind, startled Ivar turned around and saw Floki standing behind him and smiling. Whenever he saw Floki, he couldn’t help but smile too, but he turned around, without saying anything. “What’s wrong, Ivar?” He heard Floki approach and felt his closeness behind him. “I want to be alone,” he said angrily, he didn’t really want it and Floki didn’t deserve it either, he was the only one who treated him like a normal person.

“The gods are sending us nice weather today, you shouldn’t be sitting up here alone” - “I want to think” Floki walked away from him and approached the precipice and looked down, in his hands he held a blade of grass and played around with it, he laughed briefly when he saw the little people and turned back to Ivar. “Is that a smile on your lips?” Ivar’s smile vanished as quickly as it came. When Floki laughed, Ivar automatically grinned, because it was so cute.

“What do you want here, Floki?” he asked annoyed and looked at him questioningly. “I was just wondering what my favorite son of Ragnar is doing up here alone” - “Your favorite?” Floki laughed again briefly and with his lanky gait, he approached Ivar, held out the blade of grass and looked at him deep into his blue eyes. Ivar hasn’t been surprised by Floki for a long time, and accepted the blade of grass.

“That’s the strongest blade of grass” - “But it has a kink and no more roots” - “No, no, no… That, my friend, is the strongest blade of grass, I’ve plucked several and this blade of grass hasn’t changed, like the others” he took a handful of grass out of his pocket. Ivar knew he was lying, didn’t he? "You are like that blade of grass, Ivar the Boneless. You keep thriving where others perish”

Ivar’s eyes filled with tears, everyone was mean to him but Floki….. Floki was exceptional, and he felt like Floki was more to him, than just a friend. "Floki, you’re like a brother to me” he said seriously. Floki laughed briefly, but Ivar saw in his eyes, how touched he was. He sat down next to him, put his arm around him and kissed his temple. “You too…. You too for me, Ivar RagnassonIvar observed his brothers talking about a girl in the village, he himself had completely different problems than worrying about girls. His homemade splints didn’t hold up the way he wanted, and he thought about how to improve them. He just saw how Ubba poured his beer over his brother Sigurd’s head, the two immediately started fighting, he grinned slightly, he felt that more than just beer should be poured over Sigurd’s head, but here too, he preferred not to say anything and ate his last piece of bread. “You both should behave yourself” said her mother and tried to tear the two apart. Ivar briefly curled his upper lip, when he saw that not one of them had a sore. He threw the bread onto the plate in disgust, which got everyone looking at him.Ivar, what are you up to today?” asked Aslaug, “What is a cripple supposed to do, mother?” Sigurd asked and grinned evilly at Ivar. How he was tired of proving to his brothers over and over again that he was normal too, even if his legs didn’t want to go the way he did. But again he didn’t speak. “I think he has more problems today than we think, he swallowed his tongue,” laughed Hvitserk, but he almost choked, when he saw Ivar’s anger twisted on his face. “Can a man not even be silent and is this immediately considered a weakness?” he spoke softly, but his voice betrayed how angry he was. “Of course Ivar, I told you all something, a silent man is a wise man,” Aslung said, looking at her sons one by one. “He doesn’t give himself away, and you never know his next move.”

She smiled when her gaze fell on Ivar, now he was grinning too. “Yeah, whatever, let’s go train,” said Ubba and looked briefly at Ivar, who raised his hands, “No Ivar, not today, we want to ride, unless you’ve learned to keep on a horse, because we want to ride fast and unfortunately that doesn’t work with you.” Sigurd grinned when Ivar looked from one brother to the other. Hvitserk gave him an apologetic look, and Ubba gave him a pitying look. “It’s okay, I hope you enjoy it,” Ivar said lightly, but inside he was really angry and sad.

He sat back and crossed his arms over his chest as his brothers walked out of the hall, leaving him behind. His mother walked past him and stroked his hair, soon she too had left the hall, which was now empty. He was sad, but he put on an angry face because he didn’t want to be caught crying. What should he do today? Should he go to the forge and work on his Greaves? Should he really be learning to hold himself on a horse? Should he just sit here and do nothing like everyone expects? No, he didn’t want that, he swung himself out of his chair and crawled to the door, no idea where to go, just get out of here, he thought to himself when someone stood in his way.

Ivar looked up and recognized Floki. Ivar took a short, annoyed breath. “Where are you going, cripple boy?” - “Get out, bow-legged, just get out, I’ll just run away” - “Didn’t your father tell you, that you would never run?” They both looked at each other for a moment, then both laughed. “What do you really want here, Floki?” - “I was looking for you, it’s not difficult, you’re not that fast, and you just have to look at the ground” Ivar took a breath so that he could counter, but he just couldn’t think of anything. For a moment you could see Ivar’s sad face “because I have big plans for you” Floki spoke quickly, and he looked surprised, when Ivar just laughed incredulously “What can I do big?” Floki raised his eyebrows, “Climb a tree?” - “How the hell…. He, put me down!” Ivar yelled as Floki interrupted him and tossed him over his shoulders.

"Just come with me,” Floki said, laughing again. Ivar looked at Floki’s legs and how the ground rolled past him. “I guess, I have no other choice” Floki ran for a very long time and Ivar was really bored, he had his hand under his chin and had plucked a small branch from a bush and hit Floki’s legs with it “Run, donkey”. he said sometimes, Floki didn’t react and that bored him even more. “How please should I climb a tree Floki”, he asked now, “You have to climb” Ivar exhaled deeply “And how please should I do that?” - “Ivar the Boneless once said he wants to climb a tree, like all the others, like his brothers” - “Yes, I said that a long time ago, but that will never happen” - “Then fly like a bird” said Floki and laughed briefly again. “Hm” it came from Ivar, and he glanced up. “I found a nice tree, where it would be possible” - “There is no tree, that can make that possible” Floki laughed “You’ll see, you’ll see my friend” After some time, Floki let him down and Ivar sat up. Floki knelt in front of him and grinned.

“Let’s go then, little bird” Ivar knitted his eyebrows and looked around. He shrugged when he saw no tree to climb. “Turn around” said Floki and got up. Ivar turned and his blue eyes widened. There was a tree on a big slope. A stairway was built around the tree, winding around its great trunk, and at the top, he saw a big platform, his heart leaping for joy. Floki laughed, and he turned back to him, “Did you do that?” Floki paced up and down and nodded, “You did that for me?” He was close to tears, Floki had a big place in his heart. “Don’t talk so much, go, climb the tree”, Ivar didn’t need to be told twice, he turned around and crawled to the tree, when he got to the stairs, he put his hand on the first step, they were even sanded smooth, so he couldn’t hurt his hands. He laughed with joy and looked again at Floki “Thank you my friend” he said and climbed up the tree.

He didn’t think about anything anymore, he was just happy, stopping now and then to stroke the bark of the tree. The wind was playing with his hair, more and more the higher he got, he didn’t know how high he was, when he reached the platform, but Floki seemed so small from up here, and he had to tilt his head back, he laughed and waved his hands around. “Fly little bird, fly,” he yelled, spreading his arms. Ivar looked around, the view from up here was breathtaking, he sat down on the platform, that seemed to float over the slope and spread his arms, he screamed and laughed. I can achieve anything if I put my mind to it, were his thoughts.Hey, Ivar” it came from a boat, Ivar had just arrived at the port, he wanted to watch the ships go. His father wanted to travel to new countries again, He want to Wish him Good Luck. But now he searched the boats with his blue eyes. He had recognized his brother Sigurd’s voice, but could not find him. “Here you blind cripple,” Sigurd called, jumping off a small boat near the jetty. Ivar grimaced briefly when he heard the insult, but he vowed not to react to it today. He crawled over to his brother, leaned against the boat and tapped the wood. “Nice boat, where are you going?” he asked, looking at the other three boys, who were loading the boat and getting it ready. “We want to go fishing, mother said we should all learn it” - “Ah, poor Sigurd, then you can’t play your instrument at all and what are women supposed to do, without your music, which sounds like you would a cat peel off the fur.”
Ivar grinned when he saw that he had hit his brother, with his words, he didn’t want to do it today, yes, but he couldn’t help it either, after all Sigurd had started it. Sigurd came up to him and grabbed him by the collar and pulled him closer, Ivar was pulled well away from the boat, his greaves digging slightly into the wet sand. But Ivar just laughed in his brother’s face. "You’ll lose your laughter, little brother,” Sigurd said through clenched teeth and looked briefly at the boat before his eyes met Ivar’s again. “Do you want to come with me?”, he asked, happily played and let him go. Ivar knew that Sigurd was only nice to him, when he was up to something, but being on a boat, even if it was just a small fishing boat, filled him with curiosity. “You want to take me with you?” - “Of course, you’re my little brother” - “That’s a trick” - “Where are you thinking Ivar?” asked Sigurd and threw a fishing net into the boat. He came up to Ivar and squatted down in front of him, “Come on, or are you scared?” - “I’m not scared” Ivar said and tried as best he could to hide his fear of the water.He was always afraid of falling in the water, he would sink like a stone, and he knew it. Sigurd grinned as Ivar averted his gaze from the gentle swell of the water and looked at him again. “Come on, I’m with you and nothing will happen to you.” That’s what scared Ivar, he wasn’t afraid of his brother, but he also knew that Sigurd would embarrass him wherever he could. “Or are you not a real man? Can’t even sit on a boat? Let alone lie with a woman and….” - “Shut up, that’s a lie…” Ivar screamed, his blue eyes blazing with anger and when he looked around briefly, he noticed that many eyes were on him. Sigurd’s friends just laughed and Sigurd raised his hands, “Then prove it to me, come with me.” Ivar looked around again for a moment, but everyone continued on their way, nobody seemed to be surprised about the two brothers anymore.Ivar took a deep breath, he didn’t want to, he was too scared, but he couldn’t let it sit on him either. “What are we waiting for then?”, he said and saw the smug grin on Sigurd’s face, who now looked at his friends “Then, bring him in, my friends” he said and pointed to Ivar “I can do it alone” he said proudly, crawled to the boat and heaved himself over, he landed roughly and not really gracefully in the boat, and he got quite a bit of laughter from the other boys too. But Sigurd, Sigurd, just looked at him with a look that Ivar couldn’t place. “This is Kjell, Hamar and Ole, maybe you know the three, yes,” he said and picked up a fishing net and wrapped it up. Two of the boys Ivar didn’t know got out and pushed the small boat onto the water. The boat rocked as it hit the water, and the two boys jumped in.Ivar no longer paid any attention to his brother, he unconsciously clung to the wood and looked at the water crashing against the boat. “Maybe we’ll catch a big fish today” - “Yes, a stinky one” the boys started talking and laughing, but Ivar was deep in his thoughts. “You are not like all Ivar, you are better” - “But I also want to explore new lands one day, with my own ships” - “You can Ivar, but remember that you will never swim, you can’t learn either, you need your legs for that” His mother’s face appeared on the surface of the water for a brief moment “You’ll do something much bigger for that, my son” - “And what’s it, mom?” - “I’ll tell you, when you are bigger my little darling and now go to sleep”, the image of Aslaug disappeared, and he was startled from his thoughts, when the boat started to sway wildly and the water splashed on his face.Ivar saw to his brother, who was standing on one side of the boat and one of his friends on the other, they were jumping up and down and rocking the boat on purpose, while looking at him and laughing nastily. "What are you doing, brother,” he yelled, and now his body went into total spasm as he tried to hold on to the wood. Some water spilled over and soaked his clothes. “What is Ivar? we’re just kidding, nothing can happen” Sigurd laughed and yelled at the same time. Ivar couldn’t look up anymore, he only looked at his knees and hoped that it would soon be over. “Look Ivar, how far out we are, there is nobody here, nobody who can help you.” Ivar took a deep breath and tried to pull himself together, not to give in to fear. “No Aslaug, no Floki, no Ubba, nobody, just me and my friends, look Ivar look.”Ivar became nauseous, his face turned pale, but he looked at his brother, with an angry look. “Let that be” he said out of breath. Sigurd approached him, but his place was taken by Hamer. “What’s the matter Ivar, are you scared after all? Are you afraid of the water and that as a Viking?” Sigurd laughed and looked at his friends, Ivar gritted his teeth and now grabbed Sigurd by the collar. Both started fighting in the boat. Ivar lay on top of his brother and kept hitting him, even when blood came out of his nose, he didn’t stop. But Sigurd hit too, and Ivars eyebrow split open. Ivar’s blood spattered onto Sigurd’s face and mixed with his. Ivar saw it very clearly, and for a moment the brothers just looked at each other. A moment of silence and as Ivar closed his eyes, he felt Sigurd pick him up and throw him overboard, the cold water enveloping him and when he opened his eyes he saw the blurred faces above him. Sigurd was standing up there on the boat, his face cold as ice, blood covering his face. The others were leaning forward and laughing as they watched as Ivar desperately tried to get to the surface of the water. But he didn’t succeed, his legs were stiff and pulled him down more and more.The air was getting tight, he put his hands around his throat and tried as best, not to breathe in. For a brief moment he saw his brothers Ubba and Hvitserk, his mother Aslaug and his father. But there were those wonderful moments, with Floki, the tree, which the stairs snaked around, or on the wing, before his vision went black, he saw the blade of grass, with a kink and no roots. He Tried to breath in and water fills His Lungs. Ivar woke up again as a deep breath drew water from his lungs and he spat it out on the boat beside him. His brother was sitting next to him, his clothes were wet. But he didn’t look relieved. "Look at that, now we really caught a sticky big fish,” Hamar said, and everyone laughed, even Sigurd. “Let’s go home, today we’re not catching anything better, and I’m cold,” nodded to his friends and they headed towards the Kattegat. “You saved me,” Ivar said breathlessly, the wet clothes and the cold making him shiver. “Of course, mother would kill me if something happened to her darling.” He looked briefly at his friends, then he came closer to Ivar. “But I’ve thought about it,” he whispered in his ear, grinning evilly as he walked away and helped his friends.

Ivar tried to hide his angry face and pulled the hood over his head. He wrapped his wet coat around his body and hoped his feet would soon find solid ground again. From today, he will fear the water even more than before, he knew that. He just watched the water the whole trip, he didn’t say anything, he didn’t think anything. Ivar was just freezing, and his pale face was now also adorned with blue lips. This time, Sigurd and his friends stopped right at the jetty, and they jumped out of the boat, which made it rock again, causing Ivar to panic, but he didn’t want to show anything and clawed his fingers around the wood again. When they tied the boat, they left, leaving Ivar on the boat. “Brother,” Ivar shouted, raising his hands, “You made it into the boat, then you can make it out, on your own” he said, laughing, and walked away with his friends. Ivar looked after him angrily, suppressing the words he would have liked to shout out. I can do it, he thought and wanted to go to the other side of the boat, but when the boat started to sway even slightly, he was so panicked, that he couldn’t move anymore.

He wrapped his cloak around himself again and looked at the house in front of him, it was evening and nobody was to be seen. The water lapped softly against the boat’s timbers, driving him insane. But it also got him lost in his thoughts. “I don’t trust my brother’s, Floki” - “And maybe that’s a good thing” - “What do you mean?” - “I’ve heard a lot of stories about betrayal, also between brothers” - “Yes, I have that too, but that’s not what I mean” - “You think they would kill you?” - “No, not Ubba and not Hvitserk, I can’t imagine that” - “And Sigurd?” - “I don’t know, there’s something in his eyes” - “Ivar, let me tell you something. You’re only 8 years old, but it’s important to be able to read people, it’s true, it’s not easy. And maybe you’re not always right with your guess. There are people who want to harm you and would do anything for you to trust them. Always assume that even the person who loves you can cheat” - “What do you mean by that, Floki?” - “You will know one day, it will take time, and you will be cheated many times. But one day you will know it.”

The cold wind brushed Ivar’s face and his whole body shook so badly, that he felt the boat shake. "Now I know it, now I know it,” he said softly, and his blue eyes fixed on a black raven on the shore that was barely visible. “Now I know it” His gaze fell on a human shape slowly approaching the boat. It took a while before he recognized his brother Ubba. “Sigurd said you’re probably still here. Shall I help you” Ubba said quietly and looked him up and down. "If you don’t tell anyone” - “I won’t.” Ubba whispered and smiled sympathetically at him.He stared into the fire and thought how close he had come to death. Sigurd’s face appeared in the flames, even though he was sitting across the great hall with Hvitserk. “I’ve been thinking about it,” Sigurd’s words echoed in his head. He narrowed his eyes as the flame taunted him. “Here,” said Ubba, tapping him on the shoulder, with a drinking horn, “Drink this and tell me what happened.” Ivar took the drinking horn and briefly looked into Ubba’s blue eyes before looking back into the flame, but Sigurd’s face had disappeared.

“It’s so insignificant, that it’s not worth talking about.” Ubba nodded curtly and sat down next to him, the two were in the royal hall, but sat well away from the others. Ivar’s eyes wandered briefly to Sigurd, who was sitting on a bench talking to Hvitserk. Ubba watched him, Ivar noticed his eyes on his skin. “I can see the way you look at him, Ivar. I can’t help you if you don’t tell me.” Ivar wrinkled his nose before looking back at Ubba. He didn’t know what to make of Ubba, he always seemed to be trying to keep his brothers together.

"I told you, it wasn’t worth mentioning. That’s a waste of time” - “I also saw how you looked on the boat. Why didn’t you come out? Why were you and Sigurd soaked?” - “Oh, so many questions, big brother”, said Ivar and grinned cheekily. "Always so curious, why don’t you ask Sigurd?” - “I did that.” Ivar wrinkled his nose again and licked his upper lip before taking a sip from the drinking horn and looking at Sigurd, who was sitting at the other end, and laughed. Of course, you have Ubba, how I would like to know what he said to you and what he left out – thought Ivar, narrowing his eyes as the strong liquid ran down his throat.

“Ivar, it’s important that we get this sorted out. I don’t want us to fall apart.” - Ivar grinned again and put the horn to his lips, but didn’t drink before pointing his finger at Ubba. "It happened a long time ago. I’m surprised, big brother, that what happened to me means so much to you.” He looked Ubba in the eye for a long time, and it seemed as if Ubba had to think about it for a long time: “That’s not true, Ivar, you know that also. I love you and I love my other brothers.” Ivar laughed again and threw the rest of the drink in his face, which he always did when he thought Ubba’s speech was nonsensical. His anger grew inside him.

"Another lie, Ubba, how many times have you left me here and gone with my brothers without taking me with you?” Meanwhile, Ubba was wiping his face dry with his coat and had put on an annoyed face, “Or how often, do you prefer one of the brothers. With really everything. I would like to come along and learn how men use a sword and axe, how to throw an axe, or use a bow and arrow,” he said angrily, Ubba didn’t interrupt him and just looked at him, with wide eyes. When Ivar finished, he threw the drinking horn behind him, the rumble was so loud, that Sigurd and Hvitserk turned to face them both, but Ivar kept his eye on Ubba.“ You know why,” Ubba said softly, giving a quick nod to his other brothers. He wanted to stay alone with Ivar, Ivar realized that, he just didn’t know why “Your illness doesn’t make it possible. And mother would be angry if anything happened to you. You’ll break a bone if you just stand up.” Ivar laughed again and ran his fingers through his hair.

“Take me with you, next time take me with you, and I’ll show you, what I can do” - “Ivar, you haven’t even had an ax in your hand before.” Ivar bit his tongue and shook his head. “I’ve learned a lot,” he leaned closer to Ubba, which made him wince a little. And although Ivar didn’t want to admit it, he really liked the way his big brother showed fear. “Floki taught me more than you think. I can do it” Ubba narrowed his eyes slightly and then nodded, “Okay, I’ll take you with me, on a day when your eyes aren’t that blue. However, if I have the feeling that this isn’t for you, it stays with the one time, understand?” Ivar was satisfied and sat up straight again. “Okay,” he said and gave Ubba a friendly grin. He will see what I can do and maybe even more scared - he thought to himself and grinned even wider, He saw how Ubba was suspicious and let it be.

“Now let’s talk……..” - “No” Ivar said sternly and angrily. His gaze returned to the flames, snaking wildly around the wood. His mind wandered, and he wondered what he could do with those flames, how fast would a roost burn? “He told me a few things, and yet I’d like to get your perspective. It’s important, Ivar. I can’t imagine that you voluntarily…… Ivar, are you even listening to me? IVAR?” Ubba was getting louder and louder, and Ivar realized that he had put a hand on his shoulder and was now starting to shake him. He was snapped out of his fiery thoughts, where Sigurd was burning, and looked at Ubba in surprise. "It’s really important to me. You are important to me, never let anyone tell you anything else.”

Ivar looked at Ubba in astonishment, those were the first friendly words in months. "I’ll kill him,” Ivar said quietly before looking back into the flames, he heard Ubba start breathing heavily “No, Ivar, stop thinking or saying such things. This is crazy and scares me” Ivar saw, how Ubba looked from him to Sigurd and back. Ivar grinned,“Oh Ubba, that was a joke. That was just a joke, what are you thinking? That I kill my own brother?” he said, smiling kindly, he saw Ubba’s eyes narrow as Ivar’s blue eyes rested on Sigurd. I was just kidding… just kidding - he thought to himself, and the corners of his mouth slowly twisted into an evil grin. Sigurd’s frightened look turned to a challenged one at the sight of Ivar.




Chapter 5: You are stupid.
Chapter Text

Floki was standing by the water, holding a piece of wood in his hand. He watched as Floki held it against the sun and twirled it in his hand, before tossing it into the water, and Floki knelt down, to watch the little piece of wood float on the water. Ivar grimaced for a moment and saw the small piece of wood sloshing back and forth on the surface of the water. He was sitting on the first step of Floki’s house and had been there for some time now, waiting for Floki to say something, but he seemed busy with his own business, whatever important things they were, Ivar found it boring and pointless. Floki hadn’t even said hello to him. He didn’t know what, but something wasn’t right. “The gods have given me a task, I’m pretty sure of that,” he said and saw Floki shake his head and laugh briefly.

Ivar took a handful of sand and opened his hand in front of his face, some grains of sand fell down. He looked back at Floki, who was picking up another thin, long piece of wood and examining it, like the one before and the infinite number of others. “Oh come on, Floki,” Ivar said annoyed and threw the sand in his direction, Floki turned to him and now looked at him angrily. He tapped the long, thin piece of wood with the palm of his hand. “You are stupid, Ivar the Boneless.” Ivar took a deep breath and saw Floki coming towards him, he had never said anything like that to him, unless he wanted to annoy him. But Ivar noticed how angry Floki was at him.

“You’re stupid, I said.” Ivar looked away and grimaced to keep angry words from escaping his lips. Floki stopped in front of him and didn’t take his eyes off him. “Ubba was with me yesterday, told me how stupid you are.” Ivar’s piercing blue eyes now looked at Floki angrily, “Did he say that?” - “That you’re stupid? No, that’s what I say! He only told me what you told him.” - “Yes, I know my fate now.” Floki laughed briefly. "What is that supposed to be? Kill your brother and tell everyone? It’s stupid and dangerous to say such a thing.”

“The gods will it,” Ivar said through clenched teeth as Floki swung his arm and Ivar felt a sting of pain on his cheek. He saw Floki throw away the piece of wood, he had just hit him with. Ivar moved his jaw and stroked his cheek. His angry face hardened. “That’s childish. You’re still a kid, I thought you were grown up. The gods have nothing to do with this, and you know that as well as I do!” Floki said angrily, and that intimidated Ivar into letting go of his cheek and looking away. It took a long time to anger Floki, but Ivar managed it with just one sentence. "Floki” Ivar wanted to start, but Floki interrupted him. “I understand, that you are angry. I understand, that you also want to exercise. But I didn’t teach you to kill, but to defend yourself in an emergency.”

Ivar looked down, not knowing what to say. He heard Floki take a deep breath and walk over to him. He sat down next to Ivar on the stairs. Ivar noticed how Floki’s anger subsided, "I spoke to Ubba” - “You prefer him to me, like everyone else” said Ivar hurt, Floki put an arm on his shoulders “That’s stupid too. I taught you a lot, I made a lot possible for you, didn’t I?” he asked and Ivar looked at him “Sorry” - “Ubba came to me, because he also wanted to learn. I like to talk to him. He reminds me very much of the young Ragnar, and I was able to convince him to involve you more.” Ivar was grinning widely now as Floki pulled him closer.

"I was also able to dissuade him from putting more into your stupid statement. I said you’re a child, a hurt child, and you just said it like that” – “But” – “No.” Floki looked at him angrily again. "No, Ivar. When anger grips you, you need to learn to keep the things you’re thinking to yourself. It’s dangerous to say something like that” - “He wanted to kill me, I was almost…” - “No again” Floki laughed briefly. “You’re much stronger than you think” Ivar looked away and watched Helga, who something further away, fur hung on a line. “You’re also a lot smarter than Sigurd,” Floki continued and also looked at Helga. She noticed it and grinned at the two of them. “Would you both like to eat something or help me?”

“Look away quickly, Ivar, you don’t want to help, believe me,” Floki said. Ivar’s eyes widened, and he looked down again, making Helga laugh. And she went about her business again, leaving them both alone. “I can’t Floki, Sigurd makes me so angry” - “I can understand that, should I tell you something?” he asked and looked at Ivar with a grin. Ivar nodded slightly. “I don’t like him either,” Floki whispered in his ear, and they both started laughing. Getting serious again, Floki gave Ivar a long look before stroking his red cheek. “Let me tell you something, Ivar. No matter how angry you are, never say that again. You know how to punish treachery between brothers.” Ivar nodded briefly, he knew that Floki was right, briefly the burning Sigurd appeared before his eyes.

"I know you’re not stupid, Ivar. So don’t pretend you are. The gods haven’t shown you anything, not yet, but one day you will know what your destiny is.” Ivar narrowed his eyes and thought for a long time. He didn’t know which god, maybe it was the god Loki, the sneaky one, who had spoken through the flames. All he knew was that one day it would lead to killing his brother. But Floki was right, he had to be careful, he wasn’t allowed to tell anyone and neither Floki.

He nodded and grinned as he looked at Floki again, "What’s your destiny, you old bastard?” Floki started laughing and ran his hand through his hair, “I’ll take care of you. I’ll tell you what, Ivar. The cripples are the worst” - “Well, I think the old ones are the worst, the ones who are stuck Home and getting fat” - “The young people are the problem, they act like they can conquer the whole world” - “The old people think, they already own the world” Floki looked away, but Ivar could see the broad smile on Floki’s face and automatically had to smile too. “I won.” Floki just nodded once and looked at him again.

“Ivar, please do me a favor. Pull yourself together, when you’re among your brothers. If I hear anything like that again, I’ll challenge you to a duel.” Ivar grinned, noticing this war of words. “You can’t even lift your axe, with your thin little arms” - “And you, you can’t even hit me, when you throw your axe” - “I hit, Floki. But the question is, can you dodge it?” Floki grinned and looked at him. "The question, my friend, is if you can stand up if I attack you.” Ivar’s smile faded. “I won,” Floki said, he laughed and ruffled Ivar’s hair. He couldn’t be mad at Floki and laughed with him.

Floki stood up and picked up the piece of wood he had thrown aside. He smiled at Ivar again as he walked back to the water. Ivar’s smile, which he threw at Floki, disappeared behind his back and he pursed his upper lip briefly before his eyes darkened. “Let’s see, what happens,” he said to himself, curious about training with his brothers.

















